1: 我一定是被诅咒了
I must be cursed
2: 我只是个小人物做着些微不足道的工作
I am just a nobody doing some trivial job
3: 而那些大人物挥挥手就改变了整个世界的构造的时候
When those Somebody wave their hands, they can change the entire structure of the universe
4: 正在穿越亚空间与现实宇宙边缘的人就遭殃了
Those who are traversing the edge between Unspace and the physical universe will suffer
5: 现在我的火种无法回到物理宇宙了
Now my spark cannot return to the physical universe
6: 我听说过有一个组织会专门帮助迷失在亚空间的倒霉蛋
I've heard of an organization that helping unfortunate souls who get lost in Unspace
7: 也许终究只是传说罢了
Perhaps it's just a Story after all
8: 我在这里太久了，亚空间的环境已经开始侵蚀我的机体
I've been here for too long, the Unspace has begun to erode my body
9: 然而无尽的孤独并不是最可怕的，这里还有着更加的古老邪恶的存在
Far worse than a mere eternity of solitude, There is a collection of ancient evil
10: 如果丧失理智的话，身体就会被彻底溶解
If one loses their mind, their body will be completely dissolved
11: 到那时，就没有什么能从古神手里保护你的了…
By then, nothing will be able to protect you from the Elder god…
12: 为了加强我的精神力，我只能用智者战士的技术缩小我的身体
To Amplify my mental faculty, I have to shrink my body with BrainMaster technology
13: 虽然这并不能阻止溶解，但是现在我能通过自己的意志重新固化那些部分
Although this cannot prevent dissolution, I can now re-solidify those parts through my own will
14: 这也只是缓兵之计
This is just a temporary solution.
15: 我不知道我还能撑多长时间，我已经开始出现幻听了。一定是那些被邪神折磨的灵魂，在叫我
加入他们…
I don't know how much longer I can hold on. I've started experiencing hallucinations. It must be
the sparks tortured by the evil gods, beckoning me to join them…
16: 但是在那之中，有一个声音和我的很像。它说它能帮助我。But among them, there was a
voice that sounded very similar to mine. It claimed it could help me.
17: 讲道理这种情况下怎么可能相信这种话，但是我还有什么其他的办法吗？
Logically, how could I possibly believe such words in this situation? But what other options did I
have?
18: 在它的指引下，我找到了一块金属。
Under its guidance, I found a piece of metal.
19: 这东西的成分…居然和亥索龙，那种吞噬时间和空间的野兽一致！那是一种高维生物，我不
敢想象是什么东西让这种生物破了皮

The composition of this metal... is consistent with Hytherion, the beast that devours time and
space! That’s a hyper-dimensional creature, and I can’t imagine what could make such a
creature to get scraped
20: 如果我能控制这种金属，也许我能在更高的纬度找到帮助我的方法！但这种生物的意识存在
于每一个细胞中，我不能冒被它反噬的风险。
If I can control this metal, perhaps I can find a way to help me at a higher dimension! But the
consciousness of this creature exists in every cell, and I cannot risk being devoured by it.
21: 在这金属里，居然存有一项技术的信息。Genetronic Translink! 利用亚空间通信技术远程驱动
无火种的身体，这正是我所需要的。
In this metal, there actually exists information about a technology. Genetronic Translink! Utilizing
Unspace communication technology to remotely drive a sparkless body, this is exactly what I
need.
22: 这事真是越来越蹊跷了，但就像我说的，我没有太多选择了。
The whole thing is getting more and more mysterious, but as I said, I don't have many options.
23: 我不确定以我的技术水平能否完美的再现这项技术，但是目前为止的实验成果都让我满意。
是时候进入实践阶段了。
I'm not sure if I can perfectly reproduce this technology with my skill, but the experimental
results so far have been satisfactory. It's time to move on to the practical stage.
24:我只要将gt原件接上这块金属，它应该就能根据我的意志变成我想要的样子。
I just need to connect the GT System to this metal, and it should be able to transform into the
shape I want according to my will.
25: 不…不对…看在天尊的面子上
No... This isn't right... In the name of the Primus…
26: 它本应该变成…我的模样…
It’s supposed to be… in my image…
27: 十年后
ten years later
28: 哈哈，你说这些谁懂啊，这堆设定都多少年没人提过啦
LOL, who would understand what you're saying? No one has mentioned these settings for years
29: 你现在又能打破第四面墙了？为什么你就不能帮我解决我的问题呢？
Can you break the fourth wall now? Why can't you help me solve my problem?
30: 又不是这么用的
It’s not how it works
31: 该死的，要是我操纵那具身体说不定早就解决了
Scrap, if I had controlled that body, I might have solved it long ago
32: 把你给能的，要是你真这么能干，当初就不会出错了
Show-off, If you are really that good, you wouldn't make mistakes in the first place.
33: 结果搞到现在，还需要用我的右眼来当导航仪…等等，我好像感觉到什么东西
And now, we still need to use my right eye as a navigator... Wait, I feel something.
34: 如果我从你那里接收到的感觉没错，那我们就不再需要每次都把你的眼睛拆下来了
If the feeling I receive from you is correct, then we don't need to take your eye off every time.

